Update CHANGELOG for 1.10.0 (#620)
pulumi/pulumi-yaml: CHANGELOG.md

CHANGELOG
=========

## 1.10.0 (2024-09-04)

### Improvements

> - [features] add "pulumi.organiztion" to the built-in "pulumi" variable to obtain the current organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add "pulumi.organization" to the built-in "pulumi" variable to obtain the current organization [#613](https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-yaml/pull/613)
```
